New Ownership page and link (#3101)
zaproxy/zaproxy-website: site/content/docs/zap-ownership.md

---
title: ZAP Ownership
type: page
---

ZAP is an independent Open Source project controlled by the [ZAP Core Team](/docs/team/) and supported by 
[Checkmarx](https://www.checkmarx.com).

It is known as "ZAP by Checkmarx" because 3 of the Core Team are employed by Checkmarx to work
on ZAP, for more details see the blog post [ZAP Has Joined Forces With Checkmarx](/blog/2024-09-24-zap-has-joined-forces-with-checkmarx/).

> The ZAP Team regretably had to take ZAP out of [OWASP](https://www.owasp.org) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ZAP Team regrettably had to take ZAP out of [OWASP](https://owasp.org) 
```
